# About Rosette for Excel  
Rosette for Excel is a product developed by [Basis Technology Corp.](basistech.com) to make the features of the Rosette API available to Excel users without the need to write any of their own code that uses the API. The Rosette API is a tool for accessing Basis Technology’s natural language processing text analysis services. 
# How to Install  
To install, copy both the `rosette.application` file and the folder (titled with the version number) to your personal computer. Run `rosette.application`, which may ask for permission to install the add-in. When you next open Excel you will see Rosette in the ribbon. 
#Getting Started
Before you can make any calls with either formulas or the ribbon, you’ll need to add your Rosette API key using the dialog found on the ribbon. Head to [developer.rosette.com](developer.rosette.com) to get your free Rosette API key. Enter your key here, and check your connection with the Rosette API by clicking Check Key. If a green check appears, you’re good to go! An alternate URL can be specified for On Premise users, but is not required for the add-in to be functional. Within this same dialog you can set options for API calls! A more in-depth explanation of how to make API calls can be found [here](UseInfo.md).
#Questions?
If you’re wondering about what’s running behind the scenes, you can check the log files, located within the Application Data folder on your personal computer. An explanation of potential errors is located in our [documentation](https://developer.rosette.com/features-and-functions#errors). Otherwise, you’re welcome to contact us or browse support information [here](https://support.rosette.com/hc/en-us).
